improve landing page (#30)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwb-overview: docs/source/index.rst

NWB Software Overview
======================

..
  :scale: 100 %
  :align: right

> This documentation is designed to be an entry point for any user interested in using NWB. If you are a new NWB user and want to learn about the different tools avialable to convert, visualize, analyize, and publish NWB, you are in the right place! These tutorials will guide you through the main processes for each of these tasks, and will provide an overview of the tools available, linking to the appropriate libraries across the NWB ecosystem. Documentation and tutorials within those more specific libraries will provide more in-depth documentation about how to use those particular tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This website is an entry point for researchers and developers interested in using :nwb_main:`NWB`. If you are a new NWB user and want to learn about the different tools available to convert your data to NWB, publish your NWB data, and visualize and analyze NWB data, then you are in the right place! These pages will guide you through the main workflow for each of those tasks and point you to the best tools to use for your preferred programming language and types of data.
```

Fixed typos, made minor edits for clarity and audience fit. Feel free to edit.
